# Ruby Australia Committee Meeting Minutes
**8th of July, 2015 - 7:00pm AEST**

**Held via GotoMeeting**

## Committee Members Present

* Sebastian VonConrad - **President**
* Melissa Kaulfuss - **Vice President**
* Matt Allen - **Treasurer**
* Mikel Lindsaar - **Secretary**
* Leonard Garvey
* Rob Jacoby
* Amanda Neumann

## Appologies

* John Barton

# Agenda

1. Welcome / Apologies / Agenda Amendments

   + I'd like to add defining the working groups and schedule moving forward - Amanda
   + Work out a way to properly bring on new committee members - Amanda
   + Both items approved to be added to the agenda by the committee

2. Previous minutes, matters arising - Done

   + Motion by the secretary that previous minutes are accepted as true and correct?
   + Approved - VP + President

3. President’s report

   + I had a meeting with Amanda and Mel and there is a proposal to do a welcome email
     to new members
   + I like the idea of us as a committee making progress in some way every week

4. Treasurer’s report

   + Paid for all the bills from Rails Camp - all reimbursements are in
   + Paid for a whole bunch of conference stuff for Ruby Conf Brisbane
   + Mikel and I came up with an initial layout for Ruby Australia Annual
     sponsorship, Sapphire to zendesk $5k sold.  Difference is we have unlimited sponsors
   + Mikel and I will finish putting the sponsorship prospectus together.
   + Rob Jacoby - how should we run putting sponsors on the website? Matt - we'll handle that asap.
   + Len Garvey - Any concern with visibility of pricing?  Matt - don't think so.
   + Rob Jacoby - WRT payments, have you been given schedule for regular payments?
     Matt - not yet, would be good.

5. Define working groups and schedule for actions

   + President - Key thing is to define the working groups. - Get a chair person for each one.
   + Mikel - We had a basic list of who was to work on each one to each person
   + Amanda - Can you outline the 3 groups again?
   + President - Gives an outline of the 3 target groups as per the website.
   + Amanda - I suggest that once those groups work out the things to do, we publish
     an approach we share to the group by the next meeting.
   + Mel - Richee summarized people who wanted to help on the working group

   1. *Define Chairs on Working Groups.*

      + Working Group 1 - Leonard Garvey - Chair, Amanda wants to also work.
      + Working Group 2 - Melissa Kaulfuss - Chair, Amanda wants to also work.
      + Working Group 3 - Mikel Lindsaar - Chair

   2. *Event Knowledge Project Update*

      + Leonard: Post rails camp catchup at Trinity, Keith Pitt, James Sadlier,
        assist with knowledge sharing
      + Sebastian; Ealier this year setup a github repo for this.
        https://github.com/rubyaustralia/guides, I want to keep it open instead of
        closed. Tim Lucas agreed to write a t-shirt guide.
      + Rob: Not sure on what can and can't dump - Len to take up after.

    3. *New People into the Community Project Update*

       + Mel - Did some research into meetup.com to work out how to create a meetup
         group account for 10 meet up groups for $100 to get all meetup groups for free.
       + Mikel - Happy to transfer over Sydney meetup group
       + Mikel - First adelaide installfest happened
       + Sebastian - Rails Girls sponsorship done ad hoc, need to work out
         a standard package / template
       + Rob Jacoby - Is Rails Girls something we can bring under Ruby Australia?
         Or keep it separate? Sebastian: I don't want to dictate not trample on
         toes, if they want to, they can. I don't want to take over without them coming
         to us.

    4. *Ruby to the Business Project Update*

       + Mikel - John and I haven't had a chance to catch up yet, we will this
         month and bring forward a general plan.

    5. *How to help bring on new committee members as an item*

       + Amanda - Got in touch with Richee who gave us a document about the committee
         member welcome guide.  There are a bunch of things we could share in many ways.
       + Sebastian - Should get constitution online.  Mikel: please give me access
         and I'll get it public.

6. General Business

   + Len - Rails camp, can we get a Rails Camp channel in out slack?
   + Rob - Launched the website which is great. Tickets go on Aug 1 and
     CFP on Aug 1 as well.  Still in the process of deciding who the
     invited speakers will be.

7. Next Meeting

   + Wednesday the 19th 7pm is the next meeting
   + Mikel to send out invites

8. Targets for following month

   + Minutes to be written up and published
   + Mel to be gotten on website
   + Mikel & Matt to finish putting the sponsorship prospectus together
   + Mikel & John to bring plan forward regarding new businesses into rails
   + Sebastian to get constitution access to Mikel to be published online
   + Len to start working on event knowledge gathering, enter data into https://github.com/rubyaustralia/guides
   + Rob to start a CFP and launch ticket sales for Ruby Australia on August 1

9. End of Meeting